The Components Tab
================

The Components Tab contains sections for all supported component types. To add new components, click on the Add New button and fill out the component form. You may also edit components or specify their labels.

Advocate 0.3 supports 5 campaign components:

- **Live Graphics**: Live rotating ads to be placed in each campaign broadcaster’s stream description. Target links are not required.
- **Banner Graphics**: Static ads to be placed in each campaign broadcaster’s channel description. Each ad is clickable and directs viewers to a chosen target link
- **Twitch Chat Bot**: Messages featuring a target link to be posted at regular intervals by the *advogg* chat bot on each live campaign broadcast twitch chat.
- **Twitch Chat Commands**: Messages featuring a target link to be posted when a specified command is posted on a live campaign broadcast twitch chat.
- **Suggested Tweets**: Suggested Twitter actions for broadcasters in the form of suggested Tweet message, images, and target links; or suggested target Retweet.
-
## Metrics On This Tab
**Total Clicks**: Clicks for a Chat Bot Message across all channels are displayed at the top right of the component. Clicks for Banner Graphics and Live Graphics are viewable by clicking on that component and opening the version preview subsection.

#### How to Add a Live Graphic

1. Click on the "Add New" button underneath the heading "Live Graphics"
2. Enter a reference name for the component
3. (optional) Select the target link
4. Upload your desired graphic
5. Click the "Submit" button

**Note:** Broadcasters may adjust the *browsersource* position on your broadcasting software of choice, though the Advocate *browsersource* automatically aligns graphics to the center left of the screen, relative to the source.

##### Using the Live Graphic Preview

The Live Graphic Preview button is available a the top right of the components tab. It allows you to preview a broadcaster's *browsersource* with regards to participation in this campaign. This includes all live graphic components and respective labels.

**Note:** The preview will only show component from this campaign. Broadcasters with any other active campaign will not have those components shown.

#### How to Add a Banner Graphic

1. Click on the "Add New" button underneath the heading "Live Graphics"
2. Enter a reference name for the component
3. Select the target link
4. Upload your desired graphic
5. Click the "Submit" button

#### How to add a Chat Bot message, Chat Bot command, or Suggested Tweet

1. Click on the "Add New" button underneath the appropriate component type heading
2. Enter a reference name for a Chat Bot Message or Suggested Tweet, or the command word for a Chat Bot command
3. Select the target link
4. Enter your message in the text area - You can add the target link into the message at any time by using the "Add Link" button. Do not copy or type in a link yourself.
5. (optional for Suggested Tweets) Add a image to upload alongside the Tweet
5. Click the "Submit" button

Chat bot messages and suggested tweets are required to contain one and only one tracking link. To add a link to your message, select it from the target link drop down on the component form. Then, click on insert link to insert a link placeholder to your message. This will allow the platform to automatically place different tracking links into the final messages that get sent to your broadcasters.


#### How to Suggest a Retweet

1. Click on the "Add New" button underneath the heading "Suggested Retweet"
2. Enter a reference name for the component
3. Enter the full Tweet URL to be Retweeted
4. Click the "Submit button"

## Using component versions

Component versions allow you to make changes to and update your *Banner Graphics* and *Live Graphics* without deleting the previous version. In addition, this allows you to then *reactivate* a previous version of a component if need be.

To reactivate a component, click the component image to see a horizontal list of previous versions. Clicking the *reactivate* button next to a chosen version will revert the component to that version.


## Deleting a component

Deleting a component allows you to remove a component from your campaign.

To delete a component, click the small red *X* in the top right corner of the component. You will then be prompted with a message to delete that component. Banner Graphics and Live Graphic components will be permanently deleted, while all other component types will be archived. Clicks on a component will not be deleted and will still be counted on the platform.
