# The Metrics Tab

The Metrics Tab contains aggregate totals for all metrics within the campaign, as well as three charts displaying clicks over time. Global filters are available for date ranges, component types, and channels. Generate reports by clicking Create Report and entering your desired date range.

## Metrics On This Tab

**Total Visits**: The total sum of all clicks to a **Target Link** from any of the campaign's components.

**US-Based Visits**: The total sum of all clicks with a US-based IP address to a **Target Link** from any of the campaign's components.

**Component Clicks**: The total sum of clicks for a specific component type.

**Total Viewable Minutes**: The total broadcast time of all channels within the campaign since the campaign's inception.

**Peak Concurrent Viewers**: The total peak viewers across all channels currently live at a single time during the campaign.

**Number of Broadcasts**: Total number of broadcasts by all channels within the campaign.

**Content Hours Broadcast**: Total number of hours streamed by all channels within the campaign.

**Average Concurrent Viewers**: The average concurrent viewers across all channels within the campaign.

**Total Retweets**: The total number of retweets on Suggested Tweets generated by this campaign.

**Total Favorites**: The total number of favorites on Suggested Tweets generated by this campaign.

### How to Generate a report

1. Navigate to the Metrics Tab of your desired campaign
2. Click the "Create Report" button to open the report modal
3. Select a date range for your report
4. Click on "Create" to generate the report
5. Download the report you just generated from the report list
