# Quick Start Guide

### Before you login
1. Prepare all of the image or text assets you’ll want on your campaign.
2. Have your broadcasters sign in to our platform using their Twitch account, using the [broadcaster log-in page](my.adv.gg/login). This will allow them to be sent an invitation to the campaign.

### On the Overview tab
1. Create your desired Target Links. These are the target URLs you want campaign component to lead to. They are necessary for components such as Banner Graphics and Chat Bot Messages.

### On the Components tab
1. For each component you wish to create, click on Add New and fill out the component form. A target link is required for Banner Graphic, Twitch Chat Bot, Twitch Chat Command, Suggested Tweet, and Suggested Retweet components.
2. For text-based components that require a target link, you’ll need to use the link-to-text tool. See below for instructions.


**Using the link-to-text tool**: Chatbot messages and suggested tweets are required to contain one and only one tracking link. To add a link to your message, select it from the target link drop down on the component form. Then, click on insert link to insert a link placeholder to your message. This will allow the platform to automatically place different tracking links into the final messages that get sent to your broadcasters.

**Editing a graphic component**:  Click on the edit icon to open the component form. When you change the component image or target link, a new version of that component will be created, allowing you to compare engagements, and reactivate if necessary. Deleting a graphic component will remove it from the campaign permanently.
